Operating System Refs new indicator field (#12407)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedMitreAttack/ReleaseNotes/1_1_13.md

#### Indicator Fields
**MITRE ID**

> - Moved the indicator field to the CommonTypes pack. Update the CommonTypes pack to version x.x.x and onwards to continue working seamlessly with this pack.

Author: ```suggestion
- Moved the indicator field to the CommonTypes pack. Update the CommonTypes pack to version #TODO and onwards to continue working seamlessly with this pack.
```

> - Moved the indicator field to the CommonTypes pack. Update the CommonTypes pack to version 2.9.8 and onwards to continue working seamlessly with this pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moved the indicator field to the CommonTypes pack. Update the CommonTypes pack to minimum version 2.9.8 to continue working with this pack.
```
